
I. Preface

Hey folks! 

1.Welcome to my first devlog where I'll be logging, uhm, video logging
the development of Typr (yep, you guessed it, a 
typing game) from concept to release.

2.First I'd like make an introduction and give a few reasons to why I'm
doing this.

3.If you want to skip all this subjective nonsense then click here.

II. Introduction

1. First off my name is Andrew and I am an aspiring video game developer
I've had plenty of experience with personal projects and as of today
I have yet to fully release a game to the public.

2. I've worked both in teams and alone and so far I have only managed
to release small demos or abandon whole projects due to their scope
and size, a habit shared amongst a large amount of indie developers.

3. I am not an expert, I have yet to work in the industry so take
everything I say with a very large amount of salt.

4. Here are the main reasons why I'm doing these devlogs:
It helps structure my time and the development schedule of the game

Forming a small community around the game and its development course
would help me keep on track and focus on completing it.

From my experience there are a lot of people out there that have amazing
skills when it comes to specific parts of development such as art or
programming but can't really think of how to start a game development project

I want to share my experience and my development habits when it comes tog
projects like these and hopefully help someone in need of some advice or guidance.

Devlogs would also help me getting useful feedback from the game dev community
on my work.

Again, I am not an expert and I don't want these devlogs to turn into a sort of "tutorial", 
I am only sharing my own experience with game development.

III. Tools
For starters let's go through the tools I'm using for this project. 

I will be building the game in Game Maker Studio: Professional 1.4
I will be using git with github to store and version control my work as well as tortoiseGit to make it easier to work with it.
I am also going to be using various image editors such as Photoshop, Paint.net and Aseprite as well as Audacity for sound.
and finally I will keep track of the project's development using Trello as well as keep any other notes on it too.

IV. Conception

V. Prototype

VI. End